Should you quit your job to start a business?

It is common to hear success stories of entrepreneurs becoming millionaires overnight. But what people don't tell you is the tireless 
nights, multiple failures and huge risks they took.

It is very rare to find successful entrepreneurs who suddenly decided to quit their job and start a business next day. Working for 
yourself requires a significant change in mindset from working as an employee to working as an entrepreneur.

Speaking honestly there are lots of hurdles in starting a successful business. So it is better to prepare about the things than to get 
stuck and then start finding solutions.

Obvoiusly you can't plan everything, but you must consider a few points-
  1. Have you ever tested your business idea on real ground (on even small scale) ?
  2. Are you prepared financially to carry on your operations for the next 6 months or a year without revenue?
  3. What parameters will decide the success of your business?
  4. Do you have a plan to unfold your business in phases?
  5. What happens if the thinks are not working as expected and when to exit?
  
Now coming on the main point- When is the best time to start a business?

Starting a business is like having a kid. It never feels like the right time to do it. So you will have to start the things on the ground 
and then improve it based on the basis of feedback from the customers.

Take the hybrid path

You can start your business while still working as a full-time employee. Even research has shown that people starting business while 
keeping their day jobs are more successful.

Retaining your daily job helps you start the things on better financial grounds. Building slowly and steadily is often the wisest course 
of action.

Get used to being uncomfortable

Forget the dreamy life of entrepreneurs you have heard, atleast while starting a business. You must be ready to face many difficult 
things because you can't plan everything in today's rapidly changing world.

Conclusion

There is never the best time to start a business. It is always a risky path. But you must know what you going to do and what things 
you should be prepared for. 

Many people are highly qualified and think of starting a business, but they don't have get that time. Even if you fail, you will learn 
many things that no book would teach!

Today is the best time to start a business due to a more open world. So go ahead but be prepared!
