10 things never ever to talk in an interview-
Rohit was very satisfied with his recent interview for the first job. He was quite confident of getting selected as he had answered all the questions in the interview. But Rohit was not selected!You may also have encountered people wondering why they were not selected in the interview. It is right that one may have answered allthe questions but there are certain things you should never ever talk in the interview. These points show your negative qualities, that is why the recuiters don't select the candidate.
1. I am feeling nervous!Yes Interview may make you nervous! But when the interview asks, you should never say that you are feeling nervous.You should do whatever it takes to show that you are confident. The interviewer wants to hire someone who is confident in his/her abilities.
2. My faculties/boss were terrible- If you came out of a college and you face a question related to something that you did not study or was out of course work.You should never say- "My faculties were not good. They didn't teach us."Blaming others for your failure is the biggest negative quality. No one wants to work with people who can't take responsibilities of the result.
3. Telling your weaknesses without any action-planIf you are revealing any weakness, you should not forget to mention the steps you have taken for improvement.Suppose you are admitting you are not so good in a skill, you should tell the action that you have taken and how it has helped you.
Similarly if you are speaking about anything you failed at, you should certainly tell the interviewer what you learnt from the incident.In case the interviewer asks you about the low percentage of marks in 12th, you can tell him that you secured better percentage of marksin graduation learning from that incident.
4. Um, so, like, I really, so...yeah, andFiller words such as um, so, like, I really etc. make the communication less impressive.Some people add a long pause or so...yeah at the end of the answer. It shows that your answers are incomplete and you missed some point.
In complete answers shows that you are not that much prepared. You should always try to wrap up your answers properly.
5. It's on my resumeIf the interviewer is asking whther you have a particular skill or experience, do not say that I have mentioned it in my resume.Instead take this question as an opportunity to shine and explain the skill or experience. The answer should be much more than what hasbeen mentioned in the resume.
6. I would like to start my own business as soon as possibleIf you have some ambitions to start your own venture, you should not tell that in an interview.Most employers want to hire people who are going to be around for a while.If the interviewer think that you want the job just for a short while, you might not get the job.
7. I don't knowEven after good preparation and enough practice, you may get a question that you have no idea about.But saying "I don't know" is not the right approach.For taking more time, you can repeat the question or say slowly- "That is a great question.I think I would like to say...".If still unable to answer, ask for pen and paper or even a quick minutes to think. Most probably the interviewer will ask another question in the meantime.
8. I know I don't have much experience, but...This mistake is easy to make, especially if you are a recent graduate. When you say that you are a fresher so you don't have any experience,It highlights your weaknesses and makes you a less fit candidate.You should rather focus on your strengths and enthusiasm for the job that makes you a great fit for the role.
9. So what do you do here? You should research enough about the company and the role before the interview. You must read the job description carefully and find what can you give? Asking questions about role shows that you have not done your homework and are not interested enough.
10. I don't have any question for youHaving no question for the interviewer gives the impression that you are not much interested in the position.So you must do some real research about the company and the position.There are many questions that can be asked like what are the biggest challenges for this role, how would you describe a typical work day for this role etc.



